foremancli(1) -- comandline search interface to Foreman
====================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`foremancli` <options>


## DESCRIPTION

Query Foreman server for stored node information.

## OPTIONS

* `-d`, `test`:
  The location of the Gemfile(5) that bundler should use. This defaults
  to a gemfile in the current working directory. In general, bundler
  will assume that the location of the Gemfile(5) is also the project
  root, and will look for the `Gemfile.lock` and `vendor/cache` relative
  to it.

## OPTIONS

* `-d`, `--debug`:
  The location of the Gemfile(5) that bundler should use. This defaults
  to a gemfile in the current working directory. In general, bundler
  will assume that the location of the Gemfile(5) is also the project
  root, and will look for the `Gemfile.lock` and `vendor/cache` relative
  to it.

* `-u`, `--user` <USER>:
  Foreman user. Instead of providing the user via the command-line you can also set the
  `FOREMAN_USER` environment variable.

* `-p`, `--pass` <PASSWORD>:
    Foreman password. Instead of providing the password via the command-line you can also set
  the `FOREMAN_PASSWORD` environment variable.

* `-s`, `--server` <URL>:
   Foreman Server URL. Instead of providing the URL via the command-line
   you can also set `FOREMAN_SERVER` environment variable.

* `--json`:
  JSON output

* `--yaml`:
  YAML output

* `--status`:
  Foreman status

* `--custom` <COLLECTION>:
  Custom COLLECTION string, see:
  http://theforeman.org/projects/foreman/wiki/API for more information

* `--architectures` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of architectures

* `--common_parameters` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of common_parameters

* `--config_templates` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of config_templates

* `--domains` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of domains

* `--environments` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of environments

* `--fact_values` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of fact_values

* `--hosts` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of hosts

* `--hostgroups` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of hostgroups

* `--media` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of media

* `--puppetclasses` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of puppetclasses

* `--reports` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of reports

* `--roles` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of roles

* `--settings` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of settings

* `--lookup_keys` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of lookup_keys

* `--dashboard` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of dashboard

* `--operatingsystems` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of operatingsystems

* `--subnets` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of subnets

* `--ptables` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of ptables

* `--users` <filter>:
  Retrieve a list of users

* `--auth_source_ldaps`:
  Retrieve a list of auth_source_ldaps

* `--hypervisors`:
  Retrieve a list of hypervisors

* `--lookup_values`:
  Retrieve a list of lookup_values

* `--smart_proxies`:
  Retrieve a list of smart_proxies

* `--statistics`:
  Retrieve a list of statistics

* `--usergroups`:
  Retrieve a list of usergroups

* `--audits`:
  Not implemented

* `--bookmarks`:
  Not implemented

* `-h`, `--help`:
  Show help message

## ENVIRONMENT

Instead of specifying server credentials on the command-line you can
specify following environment variables:

* `FOREMAN_SERVER`:
  Foreman Server URL

* `FOREMAN_USER`:
  Foreman user

* `FOREMAN_PASSWORD`:
  Foreman password

The options specified on the command-line take precedence over ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES.

## FILTERS

Please see
http://theforeman.org/projects/foreman/wiki/Search_API for more information

## Examples

  foremancli --hosts "domain = domain.com AND class = squid"

 foremancli --hosts "domain = domain.com AND facts.architecture = x86_64 AND class = module::class--classes name = squid"`

 foremancli --domains "name = domain.com"
